**What did I do well through my nine weeks in Phase 0?**
I feel like I done really well up until week 6, because I fully understood everything we were learning I was loving all my work, the more I understood the easier it got and when I don't understand something sometimes my brain switches off but in these past 9 weeks I haven't done that I go for a break come back again or I find another resource that fits my learning. I'm not too sure really on the stuff I have done well only because I'm pretty much winging it each week. Im still enjoying everything we're learning which is good for me considering I use to switch off a lot back at school, all my friends are shocked at how much I'm enjoying this course and how much effort I'm putting towards it and actually completing work each week.

**What could I have done to improve through my nine weeks in Phase 0?**
There is sooo much I would have improved on throughout my first nine weeks, like taking more notes or not carrying on until I'm completely confident with material, spend more time on my touch typing because it is still highly shocking and slow. Actually tried to meditate more I think I only tried it once or twice in the shower lol! Possibly read the "Search Inside Yourself" book a bit better, no offense but I slightly found it a tad boring and skimmed through some parts but I truly did enjoy the parts that we had to blog about which is good besides the two exercises we had to converse with another person only because no ones ever really around. Theres probably much more but this is all I can think of so far. Just jamming my head with resources until I understood for sure was a biggy for me, but I was playing catch up quite often and my goal was to get work done instead of properly understanding it which is made it a little hard for me now but I'm learning now before next week.
